Serenity updates - November 2020 - Flo's news (#789)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-11/2-DQI-new-missing-image-criteria.md

---
pim_announcement_alt_img: "TODO"
pim_announcement_audience:

> - EE

Author: ```suggestion
- CE
- EE
```

---

# Data Quality Insights new "Missing image" criteria

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Data quality" available="early November" 

Author: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="New" features="Data quality" available="mid-December" 
```

:::

You all know the expression _"A picture is worth a thousand words"_, don't you?  Images are a critical element in designing compelling product experiences. Data Quality Insights now checks whether your products have an image or not. 

> Don’t forget them, otherwise, it will decrease your enrichment grade!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t forget them, otherwise, it will impact your enrichment grade!
```

Author: It feels less clear. I prefer "decrease".

---
pim_announcement_alt_img: "TODO"
pim_announcement_audience:
- CE
- EE
---

# Data Quality Insights new "Missing image" criteria
::: meta-data type="New" features="Data quality" available="late November" 
:::

> You all know the expression _a picture is worth a thousand words_, don't you?  Images are a critical element in designing compelling product experiences. Data Quality Insights now checks whether your products have an image or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You all know the expression _a picture is worth a thousand words_, don't you? Images are a critical part of designing compelling product experiences. Data Quality Insights now checks whether your products have an image or not. 
```
